feat: supports chunkGraph and moduleGraph for cacheGroup.test (#9248)
web-infra-dev/rspack: website/docs/en/plugins/webpack/split-chunks-plugin.mdx

#### splitChunks.cacheGroups.\{cacheGroup\}.test

- **Type:** `RegExp | string | (module: Module, { chunkGraph: ChunkGraph, moduleGraph: ModuleGraph }) => boolean`

> where the version of the function type is `>=0.4.1`.

Controls which modules are selected by this cache group. Omitting it selects all modules. It can match the absolute module resource path or chunk names. When a chunk name is matched, all modules in the chunk are selected.

:::warning

> Use function type can affect performance **a lot**. This function is called for every module in the compilation, involves multiple invocation overheads between Rust and JavaScript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the function type of `test` will significantly reduce build performance, as the function needs to be called for each module, resulting in huge cross-language communication overhead between Rust and JavaScript. Therefore, we do not recommend using the function type.
```
